README.md, before:

# OCPW-Automation-Map-Check
## Description
##jamestest

Webapp interface that uses Design Automation to extract the `Parcel` data from Civil 3d objects.

## Data flow diagram
![](https://github.com/e-hermoso/OCPW-Automation-Map-Check/blob/main/media/aboutapp/img/Data%20Flow%20Forge%20Checker.jpg)

# Setup

## Prerequisites

1. **Forge Account**: Learn how to create a Forge Account, activate subscription and create an app at [this tutorial](http://learnforge.autodesk.io/#/account/). 
2. **Visual Studio**: [Either Community (Windows)](https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/downloads/) or **Visual Studio Code**:[Code (Windows, MacOS).](https://code.visualstudio.com/download)
3. **.NET Core** basic knowledge with C#
4. **ngrok**: Routing tool, [download here](https://ngrok.com/). 
## Running locally

Clone this project or download it. It's recommended to install [Git for Windows](https://git-scm.com/download/win) if you are using windows. To clone it via command line, use the following (**Terminal** on MacOSX/Linux, **Git Shell** on Windows):

    git clone https://github.com/e-hermoso/OCPW-Automation-Map-Check.git
    
**ngrok**

When a `Workitem` completes, **Design Automation** can notify our application. As the app is running locally (i.e. `localhost`), it's not reacheable from the internet. `ngrok` tool creates a temporary address that channels notifications to our `localhost` address.

After [download ngrok](https://ngrok.com/), run `ngrok http 3000 -host-header="localhost:3000"`, then copy the `http` address into the `FORGE_WEBHOOK_URL` environment variable (see next). For this sample, do not use the `https` address.

![](https://github.com/e-hermoso/OCPW-Automation-Map-Check/blob/main/media/aboutapp/img/ngrok-setup.gif)

**Visual Studio** (Windows):

Right-click on the project, then go to **Debug**. Adjust the settings as shown below.
![](https://github.com/e-hermoso/OCPW-Automation-Map-Check/blob/main/media/aboutapp/img/env-setup.gif)
Under Debug tab see the Environment Variables section and add:
- `ASPNETCORE_ENVIRONMENT` : use `DEVELOPMENT`
- `ASPNETCORE_URLS` : use `http://localhost:3000`
- `FORGE_CLIENT_ID` : use your id here
- `FORGE_CLIENT_SECRET` : use your secret here
- `FORGE_WEBHOOK_URL` : use the ngrok forwarding URL from previous step

**Visual Sutdio Code** (Windows, MacOS):

Open the `webapp` folder (only), at the bottom-right, select **Yes** and **Restore**. This restores the packages (e.g. Autodesk.Forge) and creates the launch.json file. See *Tips & Tricks* for .NET Core on MacOS.

![](https://github.com/e-hermoso/OCPW-Automation-Map-Check/blob/main/media/aboutapp/img/visual_code_restore.png)

At the `.vscode\launch.json`, find the env vars and add your Forge Client ID, Secret and callback URL. Also define the `ASPNETCORE_URLS` variable. The end result should be as shown below:

```json
"env": {
    "ASPNETCORE_ENVIRONMENT": "Development",
    "ASPNETCORE_URLS" : "http://localhost:3000",
    "FORGE_CLIENT_ID": "your id here",
    "FORGE_CLIENT_SECRET": "your secret here",
    "FORGE_WEBHOOK_URL": "http://1234.ngrok.io",
},
```

**How to use this sample**

Open `http://localhost:3000` to start the app, if first time, click on `Define Activity`, upload a dwg file that contais civil 3d parcel objects, select the `Activity` and, finally, `Start workitem`. 

# Further Reading

Documentation:

- [Design Automation v3](https://forge.autodesk.com/en/docs/design-automation/v3/developers_guide/overview/)
- [Data Management](https://forge.autodesk.com/en/docs/data/v2/reference/http/) used to store input and output files.

Other APIs:

- [.NET Core SignalR](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/signalr/introduction?view=aspnetcore-3.1)

### Tips & Tricks

This sample uses .NET Core and works fine on both Windows and MacOS, see [this tutorial for MacOS](https://github.com/augustogoncalves/dotnetcoreheroku). You still need Windows debug the AppBundle plugins.

### Troubleshooting

1. **error setting certificate verify locations** error: may happen on Windows, use the following: `git config --global http.sslverify "false"`

## License

This sample is licensed under the terms of the [MIT License](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT). Please see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for full details.

Commit message:

Added instructions for compiling sass to css

README.md, after:

# OCPW-Automation-Map-Check
## Description
##jamestest

Webapp interface that uses Design Automation to extract the `Parcel` data from Civil 3d objects.

## Data flow diagram
![](https://github.com/e-hermoso/OCPW-Automation-Map-Check/blob/main/media/aboutapp/img/Data%20Flow%20Forge%20Checker.jpg)

# Setup

## Prerequisites

1. **Forge Account**: Learn how to create a Forge Account, activate subscription and create an app at [this tutorial](http://learnforge.autodesk.io/#/account/). 
2. **Visual Studio**: [Either Community (Windows)](https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/downloads/) or **Visual Studio Code**:[Code (Windows, MacOS).](https://code.visualstudio.com/download)
3. **.NET Core** basic knowledge with C#
4. **ngrok**: Routing tool, [download here](https://ngrok.com/). 
## Running locally

Clone this project or download it. It's recommended to install [Git for Windows](https://git-scm.com/download/win) if you are using windows. To clone it via command line, use the following (**Terminal** on MacOSX/Linux, **Git Shell** on Windows):

    git clone https://github.com/e-hermoso/OCPW-Automation-Map-Check.git
    
**ngrok**

When a `Workitem` completes, **Design Automation** can notify our application. As the app is running locally (i.e. `localhost`), it's not reacheable from the internet. `ngrok` tool creates a temporary address that channels notifications to our `localhost` address.

After [download ngrok](https://ngrok.com/), run `ngrok http 3000 -host-header="localhost:3000"`, then copy the `http` address into the `FORGE_WEBHOOK_URL` environment variable (see next). For this sample, do not use the `https` address.

![](https://github.com/e-hermoso/OCPW-Automation-Map-Check/blob/main/media/aboutapp/img/ngrok-setup.gif)

**Visual Studio** (Windows):

Right-click on the project, then go to **Debug**. Adjust the settings as shown below.
![](https://github.com/e-hermoso/OCPW-Automation-Map-Check/blob/main/media/aboutapp/img/env-setup.gif)
Under Debug tab see the Environment Variables section and add:
- `ASPNETCORE_ENVIRONMENT` : use `DEVELOPMENT`
- `ASPNETCORE_URLS` : use `http://localhost:3000`
- `FORGE_CLIENT_ID` : use your id here
- `FORGE_CLIENT_SECRET` : use your secret here
- `FORGE_WEBHOOK_URL` : use the ngrok forwarding URL from previous step

**Visual Sutdio Code** (Windows, MacOS):

Open the `webapp` folder (only), at the bottom-right, select **Yes** and **Restore**. This restores the packages (e.g. Autodesk.Forge) and creates the launch.json file. See *Tips & Tricks* for .NET Core on MacOS.

![](https://github.com/e-hermoso/OCPW-Automation-Map-Check/blob/main/media/aboutapp/img/visual_code_restore.png)

At the `.vscode\launch.json`, find the env vars and add your Forge Client ID, Secret and callback URL. Also define the `ASPNETCORE_URLS` variable. The end result should be as shown below:

```json
"env": {
    "ASPNETCORE_ENVIRONMENT": "Development",
    "ASPNETCORE_URLS" : "http://localhost:3000",
    "FORGE_CLIENT_ID": "your id here",
    "FORGE_CLIENT_SECRET": "your secret here",
    "FORGE_WEBHOOK_URL": "http://1234.ngrok.io",
},
```

**How to use this sample**

Before you start the app, run `npm run sassy` to compile the sass files into main.css.

Open `http://localhost:3000` to start the app, if first time, click on `Define Activity`, upload a dwg file that contais civil 3d parcel objects, select the `Activity` and, finally, `Start workitem`. 

# Further Reading

Documentation:

- [Design Automation v3](https://forge.autodesk.com/en/docs/design-automation/v3/developers_guide/overview/)
- [Data Management](https://forge.autodesk.com/en/docs/data/v2/reference/http/) used to store input and output files.

Other APIs:

- [.NET Core SignalR](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/signalr/introduction?view=aspnetcore-3.1)

### Tips & Tricks

This sample uses .NET Core and works fine on both Windows and MacOS, see [this tutorial for MacOS](https://github.com/augustogoncalves/dotnetcoreheroku). You still need Windows debug the AppBundle plugins.

### Troubleshooting

1. **error setting certificate verify locations** error: may happen on Windows, use the following: `git config --global http.sslverify "false"`

## License

This sample is licensed under the terms of the [MIT License](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT). Please see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for full details.
